:wrench: [#4575] added SENDFILE_BACKEND configuration option (#4576)
open-formulieren/open-forms: docs/installation/config.rst

* ``SUBPATH``: A string with a prefix for all URL paths, for example ``/openforms``. Typically used at the infrastructure level to route to a particular application on the same (sub)domain. Defaults to empty string meaning that Open Forms is hosted at the root (``/``).

> * ``SENDFILE_BACKEND``: which backend to use for authorization-secured upload downloads. Defaults to sendfile.backends.nginx. See `django-sendfile2 <https://pypi.org/project/django-sendfile2/>`_` for available backends.

Reviewer: Slight re-wording and added a disclaimer:

```suggestion
* ``SENDFILE_BACKEND``: which backend to use to serve the content of non-public files. The value depends on the
  reverse proxy solution used with Open Forms. For available backends, see the `django-sendfile documentation`_.
  Defaults to ``sendfile.backends.nginx``.
  
  .. note:: Open Forms only considers nginx to be in scope. You can deviate from using nginx, but we cannot offer any
    support on other backends.
  
.. _django-sendfile documentation: https://django-sendfile2.readthedocs.io/en/stable/backends.html
```
